alright the half-cab kickflip to do the
half-cab kickflip need to know how to
have cad and kickflip so the basic
concept it's actually pretty easy
they're easier than backside flip so you
don't need to know those so you want to
get the same concepts inc relative foot
position you're front foot right behind
the bolts at a good angle back foot in
about a half cab position centered on
the tail ready to pop down what do you
want to do is roll fakie because we're
about to do a half cab line up your body
and then start to spin back side what
you want to make sure that you don't
spin your body before we talk because
you want to make sure your body is
spinning with you with your
so that if your body is about right here
and therefore should be about right here
you want to pop at about 45 degrees and
as you pop keep your body spinning as
the bore as you get a little bit of a
flick in seven and then you want to keep
you
body flowing with board as it rotates
and when it finishes its rotation
down as well you're doing a half cabin
and you want to just sort of
Scoob ish we don't want to try to pop
straight down you want to try to pop
backwards at an angle so not like that
and not like that it's like a go
backwards anglish pop and then you want
to just get a small flick and it'll
rotate and you want to make sure you
keep your body spinning and it and roll
away some problems are that you don't
keep your body's fitting with the boring
when you do it you land something if
your front foot off the board or
something like that and that's just
pretty much because you're not keeping
your body spinning with the board as it
rotates you want to make sure you keep
your body with the board at all times
another problem is you want to rotate
that's just because you're not flicking
hard enough so move your foot back more
to help that overcompensate that and if
the boards to sort of popping and
clicking and rocketing out that way you
want to try to UM pop back more
backwards and hang because when you do
that it causes the board to spin with
your body so that when you're rolling
fakie the pot will call not naturally
that way if you pop straight down the
boards it's going to sort over
so what you really want to make sure you
pop backwards a little bit with that so
if you have any questions just comment
below with what comment below what your
problem is and I'll try to reply and
help you out but if I'm not replying for
some reason then you can try sending me
a personal message if it's really that
important to you and yeah I'll try to
reply to that too so um
yeah i'll show you some examples you can
pick on apart they hope you let him